“Strength does not come from physical capacity. It comes from an indomitable will.”|-Mahatma Gandh
“Success usually comes to those who are too busy to be looking for it.”|-Henry David Thoreau
“If you want something you’ve never had, you must be willing to do something you’ve never done.”|-Thomas Jefferson
“The body achieves what the mind believes.”
“Once you are exercising regularly, the hardest thing is to stop it.”|– Erin Gray
“Dead last finish is greater than did not finish, which trumps did not start.”
“The best way to predict the future is to create it.”|-Abraham Lincoln
“All progress takes place outside the comfort zone.”|-Michael John Boba
“Your body can stand almost anything. It’s your mind that you have to convince.”
“What seems impossible today will one day become your warm-up.”
“Never give up on a dream just because of the time it will take to accomplish it. The time will pass anyway.”|-Earl Nightingale
“I don’t count my sit-ups. I only start counting when it starts hurting because they’re the only ones that count.”|-Muhammad Ali
“Go the extra mile. It’s never crowded.”|-Wayne Dyer
“You just can’t beat the person who never gives up.”|-Babe Ruth
“You did not wake up today to be mediocre.”
“I don’t stop when I’m tired, I stop when I’m done.”|-David Goggins
“From the time you take your first breath, you become eligible to die. You also become eligible to find your greatness and become the one warrior”|-David Goggins
“Greatness pulls mediocrity into the mud. Get out there and get after it.”|-David Goggins
“If you choose to do something, attack it.”|-David Goggins
“The only thing more contagious than a good attitude is a bad one.”|-David Goggins
“It’s possible to transcend anything that doesn’t kill you.”|-David Goggins
“Pain unlocks a secret doorway in the mind, one that leads to both peak performance, and beautiful silence.”|-David Goggins
“Nobody cares what you did yesterday. What have you done today to better yourself?”|-David Goggins
“Denial is the ultimate comfort zone.”|-David Goggins
“We’re either getting better or we’re getting worse.”|-David Goggins
“Don’t focus on what you think you deserve. Take aim at what you are willing to earn.”|-David Goggins
“A warrior is a guy that goes, I’m here again today. I’ll be here again tomorrow and the next day. It’s a person who puts no limit on what’s possible.”|-David Goggins